# Simulator fo Xylo-A3 
This module contains a full simulator for Xylo-A3 chip starting from the input audio upto the produced spikes.
It contains the following modules:
- PDM quantization module: This module takes the input audio signal and applies sigma-delta modultion on it. This transformation is applied within a microphone. The result is a 1-bit stream of modulated signal. The resulting 1-bit signal is further processed by a low-pass filter and decimator to produce the sampled audio signal. The PDM microphone followed by the implemented low-pass filtering can be seen as an equivalent ADC that takes the input audio signal and converts it into sampled\& quantized audio signal.
- Digital filterbanks: The sampled audio signal is then porcessed by a collection of 16 band-pass filters. In this version of Xylo, all filters have been replaced with the digital ones and do not suffer the mismatch existing in the analog filters in the previous versions.
- Divisive Normalization/Spike Generation: The filtered signal is applied to a divisive normalization module (DN) to normalize its energy. In the previous version, spikes were produced by the analog AFE and one had to apply DN in the spikes domain. In this version, however, the output of the filters is directly available. So we decided to apply DN to the filter outputs rather than to the spikes. This provided a much better DN by merging the spike generation and DN in a single module.
- Spike Generation: There is an option to deactivate the DN module where in that case one can provide fixed thresholds (rather than adaptive thresholds obtained through DN) for spike generation.